Boldly going where no one has gone before...
Seeking out new life and new civilizations...
Created in part by Luna Gregoria (Gregrox)...
Put Together by Luna Gregoria (Gregrox)...
Special thanks to Adstri...
Special thanks to Levana...
Special thanks to Leganeski...
Created in part by SnailsAttack...
Created in part by Cloverdove...
Created in part by TheOrios...
Created in part by Techo...
Created in part by Mh...
Created in part by Interplanet Janet...
Created in part by Marshall (Myth)...
Created in part by Wolf-Rayet (AKA Exo's Lab)...
Created in part by Wolf-Rayet (AKA Exo's Lab)...
Created in part by Wolf-Rayet (AKA Exo's Lab)...
Created in part by Tholin...
Created in part by Caps Lock...
Created in part by Sabine...
Created in part by Triston...
Created in part by JoQueeb...
Created in part by ElectricPants...
Tip: The last line of each description credits the planet's developer.
We all had a lot of fun making this so we hope you enjoy it.
Running out of time this week...
Writing verbose descriptions...
Destroying primordial moons of Millie...
Destroying primordial moons of Gwargin...
Coming up with some real funny names...
Seam-ripping Conics and Patching New Ones...
Removing the Stock Planets...
Setting up orbital resonances...
Reconfiguring Technology Tree...
Reticulating Splines...
Fending off snail attack...
Lighting Pyri on Fire...
Balancing Barycenters...
Converting aether into rock and iron and things...
Help I'm stuck in a loading tip factory...
Checking behind Pyri (just to see)...
Revolutionizing Science...
Waiting a Couple Thousand Years...
Predicting space weather...
Knitting Parachutes...
Spinning up Bifrost...
Saying Trans Rights...
Applying Scaledspace textures...
Applying PQSMods...
Removing PQSMods...
Modifying PQSMods...
Fixing brackets in configuration files...
Changing universal body identifiers to match displayNames...
Rekerjiggering...
Waiting a few millenia...
Adding too many names...
Applying alien prosthetic makeup...
Feeding the Greater Goo Mass...
Crashing into Armstrong...
Uniting into an interstellar Federation of Planets before crashing into Armstrong...
Transitioning Zhandar...
Defining science definitions... passive aggressively...
Mapping biomes...
Rediscovering Astronomy...
Banging rocks together...
Working on leg day... (every day is leg day on Armstrong)
Going to the pharmacy in a pressure suit...
Living underground...
Staring at Pyri too long...
Coming up with some real goofy names...
Burning that rainbow bridge when we get to it...
Note: Each planet is signed by its developers at the end of its description
Tip: Gas giants can provide powerful gravity assists.
Tip: Asteroids can be a convenient place to put refueling stations.
Siphoning off Armstrong's atmosphere...
Spinning up magnetic dynamos...
Redesigning Mesbin (again)... (wait, that's the wrong planet mod)...
Exploding an early god or something at 40,000 miles an hour to form Viszra...
Slowing Oynag's Rotation...
If you're reading this, you're about to play KSP with PJ2 installed. Good luck...
Loading Millie...
Failing to accurately light planets in compact star systems...
Seriously just like, f[messing]g up the Oynag system in general...
Mixing up Ollu and Olo's names...
Exploring the edge of the world...
Hypothesizing Anthichthon...
Sharing Tea With The Greater Goo Mass...
Glaring at the "No Boats" Sign At The Beach...
Trying to find Garner in the sky...
Enjoying the Zhandarlight...
Believing You Can Fly On Armstrong...
Putting Away The Telescope After A Long Night Of Cosmic Horror...
It's been a long road, getting from there to here...
It's been a long time, but my time is finally near...
Seeing dreams come alive at last; touching the sky...
Not being held down no more; not getting mind changed...
Reaching any star... at least, any of the three stars of the Ilio system...
Good morning, Ilio Phosphol...
Good evening, Ilio Vespol...
Getting Wolf-Rayet to stuff just a few more moons in...
Rhyming Tobalk with Sinacin...
Rhyming Glice with Turtlestar...
Making the sequel to all planet mods except, like, three of them...
Siphoning off Armstrong's atmosphere...
Boiling your blood...
help...---...
Placing Pyri's Planets...
Naming two objects in Pyri's Leading Langrange Point after Triton...
Painting heightmaps...
Procedurally generating hills and valleys...
Adding lots and lots of planets... Like so so many...
Reuniting collisional families...
Getting Weegled...
Making Ground...
Breaking History...
Don't Panic
Carefully balancing trojans...
Uniting the peoples of dozens of worlds into a grand interstellar alliance... and crashing a bunch of 'em on Armstrong...
Preparing for a second from now...
Gwarging...
Capturing Trithius...
Building a complex multi-layered mythology spanning multiple planets' histories as they interact on Armstrong...
//commenting out comments...
By the way, just so we're clear, Armstrong is not named for Neil Armstrong.
Hiding hidden celestial objects...
Opening Hailing Frequencies...
Siphoning off most of Armstrong's atmosphere...
Scattering light...